build: github actions check annotations (#20554)
docker/docs: content/build/checks.md

[JSONArgsRecommended](/reference/build-checks/json-args-recommended/) warning
was reported, because `CMD` instructions should use JSON array syntax.

> With the GitHub Actions, the checks display in the diff view of the GitHub
> Actions run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the GitHub Actions, the checks display in the diff view of a pull
request.
```
